Docs 6834 b2 b connector update AS2 mc (#543)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/as2/as2-connectorMule4.adoc

> The AS2 version 5 connector requires the `Async MDN` to be handled as a separate flow. The retry of AS2 Message Send is not automatic. The application has to handle the retry upon failure in an MDN or upon failure to receive an MDN.

Reviewer: This paragraph that starts on line 36 now is confusing. I'm not sure what it is saying.  Maybe:
AS2 Connector 5.0.0 requires `Async MDN` to be handled as a separate flow, as AS2 Message Send retry is not automatic. The application must handle retry upon failure in an MDN, or upon failure to receive an MDN.

Reviewer: I really don't know what it's saying though. An MDN is like a return receipt. So how is retry upon failure handled in an MDN?

Author: These should be bullets. Fixed.

> Version 5 enables you to reuse the application HTTP listener configuration. Refer to xref:as2/AS2-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc[Upgrade and Migrate] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 5 enables you to reuse the application's HTTP listener configuration. Refer to xref:as2/AS2-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc[Upgrade and Migrate] for more information.
```

Author: Fixed.

> Version 5 enables you to reuse the application HTTP listener configuration. Refer to xref:as2/AS2-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc[Upgrade and Migrate] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AS2 Connector version 5.0.0 enables you to reuse the application's HTTP listener configuration. Refer to xref:as2/AS2-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc[Upgrade and Migrate] for more information.
```

Author: Fixed.
